Document the deprecated kubernetes.io/psp annotation (#34675)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/labels-annotations-taints/_index.md

See [Enforcing Pod Security at the Namespace Level](/docs/concepts/security/pod-security-admission)
for more information.

### kubernetes.io/psp (deprecated) {#kubernetes-io-psp}

Example: `kubernetes.io/psp: restricted`

> Value is the name of the [PodSecurityPolicy](/docs/concepts/security/pod-security-policy/) that was validated against the ressource.

Reviewer: I'd write:
```suggestion
This annotation is only relevant if you are using [PodSecurityPolicies](/docs/concepts/security/pod-security-policy/).

When the PodSecurityPolicy admission controller admits a Pod, the admission controller
modifies the Pod to have this annotation.
The value of the annotation is the name of the PodSecurityPolicy that was used for validation.
```
